Mpowa Ltd Whitepaper | Version 1.0

Preface

This blockchain-based interactive SaaS platform, 
is contrived to stimulate society to collectively ensure global resource sufficiency and accessibility for sustainable healthy living. 
Aiming to serve humanity as a whole, on the increasingly more turbulent and polluted planet earth. 
Averting unnecessary illness and death is the most important reason for Mpowa’s existence,
as every human being should ideally be able to live in a healthy way. 
By continually increasing the Energy Flux Density, resource abundance is within reach. 
Mpowa does not agree to the general consensus of mandatory vaccination and consumption control in order to reduce emissions. 

By also empowering externally organized SDG-oriented clean-tech projects to present themselves on the platform,
Mpowa facilitates the industry with a high-standard GTM opportunity, 
while also permitting low-cap / high-value projects to raise the necessary funding to succeed.
Transparency and auditability are key features of blockchain technology, 
which provide traceability of funds (resource allocation can be tracked from start to finish) and verifiable Proof of Impact.
Constant transparency and credibility also differentiates the SaaS platform from established competitors and well known large-scale 
foundations that utilize traditional banking technology. 
Mpowa’s data-driven approach is in line with UN’s DSDs to match the United Nations National Quality Assurance Frameworks Manual for Official Statistics. 
By utilizing blockchain technology, 
Mpowa provides an additional credibility layer to ensure data quality, transparency of set definitions and important terms and 
project methodology towards contributors and auditors. 


Table of Contents 

Introduction	
Vision	
Mission	
Values	
Problems and solutions	
The necessity for Mpowa’s existence	
Unique Selling Point	
SDG Partnership registration	
Scalability	
SDG Impact	
Data & Statistics	
Quality Assurance	
The Platform	
Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO)	
Carbon Offset	
ESG Fund	
Decarbonizer App	
Impact-NFT Marketplace	
Geolocation	
Methodology	
The Technology	
Exemplary projects	
Market Analysis and potential	
Team	
Roadmap	
Tokenomics	
Token Allocation	
Token Launches	
SWOT Matrix	
Conglomerate: Partnerships & Involvement	
Joining Mpowa	
This needs to be included as well	
Legislation, Taxes - Notes & Specifications	
Mpowa’s online resources	
Disclaimer	



Introduction

This introduction will entail Mpowa’s core purpose, its SaaS-platform functionality with the appurtenant financial flow, 
alongside complementary information such as strategic goals, partnerships (consortium) and research data.
Written to inform the readers about the company and the complementary DAO, 
in order to increase the readers’ knowledge and create a valuable risk-assessment. 
MPOWA Ltd is exclusively a technology company, with all financial activity provided by third parties. 
MPOWA Ltd is not controlled or owned by any other organization which provides financial services. 
	The future of (cash) money will predominantly be digital, hence Mpowa’s choice of utilizing blockchain technology. 
Global adoption of blockchain technology to gain financial sovereignty through tokens, 
tokenized assets and DeFi applications is increasing at a fast pace. Also notable are the upcoming central bank digital currencies (CDBC), 
after many years of resistance. 
	As the regulatory and technological maturity levels stabilize globally in preparation for the mass adoption of these new digital technologies,
Mpowa is planning to develop and launch a suite of digital tokens covering three major use cases: investment, data and payments. 
Each token is designed to address specific aspects of the NetZero transition to a sustainable circular economy, 
with the investment and data tokens working in tandem to provide end-to-end traceability of ESG investment flows from 
external funds through to the underlying economy as measured physically via IoT sensors and consecutively reported through defined SDG parameters. 
	Additionally, Mpowa’s goal is to launch an ISO20022 compliant zero carbon payment token for energy generation and 
consumption in Q3 of 2022, minted and mined on a global and distributed trustless network of interconnected Zero-Emission crypto-mining devices. 
This is realized through partnerships with Energy Web Foundation Crypto Climate Accord and Steroid 4.0 blockchain, amongst others.    

Transparency and auditability are key features of blockchain technology, which provide traceability of funds (resource allocation) and 
verifiable Proof of Impact. Through monitoring and verifying project-data on the blockchain, 
Mpowa initiates a global quality standard for the issuance of (Tokenized) Carbon Offset Credits, 
preventing double-selling and realizing real-time / direct offset. Customers won’t be purchasing project-approximation credits, 
but merely verified and realized tokenized Carbon Offset Credits. By creating the platform, Mpowa facilitates the clean-tech industry with
a high-standard GTM opportunity, while also permitting low-cap / high-value projects to raise the necessary funding to succeed.
	
Through acquisition and spending of Mpowa’s Utility Token the users’ contributions will be submitted to project-fund pools, 
from which the designated parties will receive their share according to the product or service that is or will be delivered, 
in order to start or complete a project. Depending on the amount that is being contributed or the type of contribution, 
the user may receive an additional SDG Impact Token or a Non-Fungible Token (a certificate linking to the products that they’ve purchased for a 
beneficiary family). For certain projects, Tokenized Carbon Offset Credits will be distributed once the offset is realized. Data Tokens and 
Data-Logging Tokens are interlinked to specific NFT’s that facilitate the offset. These various ways of contributing to listed projects, 
are more thoroughly described in the sections ‘’The Platform’’ and ‘’Tokenomics’’. 
	Project-fund pools are better formulated as smart-contracts, which are financial software-programs that are continuously running on 
the blockchain, once deployed. This will be further elucidated in the chapter ‘’The Technology’’. 	All contributions will be acquired from 
verified platform-users, which have successfully submitted their necessary information through the implemented KYC-protocol, 
in order to ensure an entirely legitimate stack of contributions to ensure regulatory compliance. Mpowa has a strict and correct privacy policy 
to ensure safety of their users’ data. Not all data will be stored on the blockchain, yet shall be encrypted to prevent data-theft. 	
Most contributions, with presumably different financial values, will have unique and fair voting properties carried with it, 
concerning projects and questions that are presented by the Mpowa-DAO. After purchase, these voting rights will become available for the contributor, 
through Governance Tokens. These project specific voting rights will be different for every project and every donation, 
carrying different properties that will be clearly described in the receipt before the users confirm their project-contribution. 
Read more about these voting properties in the chapter “DAO’’. Please note that the voting rights / Governance Tokens that may be granted 
to the contributor from acquiring a token or tokens only applies to matters/projects concerning the DAO and are not equal to possessing equity 
or shareholder-rights in the company, Mpowa Ltd, itself.
For a detailed disclaimer on token purchases, please read the chapter ‘’Disclaimer’’ and consult the additional documents available on the 
Mpowa website, or the documents provided by the approved exchanges that have listed Mpowa’s tokens. 	
There are various methods to acquire the tokens that are issued by Mpowa, all which are described in the chapter ‘’Tokenomics’’. 
Every contributor should consult with independent tax advisors as to the consequences of receiving the Mpowa Token(s).  	
It is anticipated that the value of the token(s) will fluctuate over time, except the Mpowa Utility Token (stablecoin) - which is 1:1 
pegged with the Euro fiat currency. After delivery, the value of the tokens may be determined based on current pricing on third-party exchanges, 
and in the absence of such pricing, the price of the tokens may be limited to what a buyer is willing to pay in a privately negotiated arms-length 
transaction. The company is not under any obligation to provide token valuations to purchasers and provides no guarantees that it will 
take affirmative steps to facilitate a secondary market for the tokens. There can be no guarantee that the tokens will hold their value or 
increase in value. Many factors will influence this outcome, including increased activity on the blockchain, demand for the blockchain’s 
services as blockchain projects proliferate, and other factors that are outside of the company’s control.  
The first token we are launching is the Mpowa Utility Token (stablecoin for project contributions), followed by a security token, 
the Mpowa SDG Impact Token - linked to the Mpowa Carbon Fund. This is an investment grade digital financial asset that is fully regulatory 
compliant and linked to our Luxembourg domiciled AIFM ESG fund launched in partnership with Scaling Funds. The Mpowa Utility Tokens are used 
in the Decarbonizer.app and the Decarbonizer Pro services to fund projects via the platform and provide complete traceability of funds from 
investors to impact via the blockchain. Depending on the project and contribution size, a certain amount of Mpowa SDG Impact 
Tokens will be transferred to the contributor. 	All Mpowa Tokens can used by enterprises, NGOs, charities and consumers to support 
ESG-related energy and water projects in line with 17 SDGs. The SDG Impact Tokens and Tokenized Carbon Credits are minted dynamically, 
according to the projects capacity.
The cryptocurrencies created by Mpowa are among the first (crypto)currencies to be born as carbon negative, climate positive. 
Users of the Mpowa platform can potentially utilize their contributions in a way to reduce their tax bill.	 	
An additional token, the Mpowa Energy Coin, will be issued in late Q2 or Q3 of 2022. This currency will be created and used on the 
Steroid 4.0 blockchain network, which guarantees regulatory approval, scalability, and security. Proof of Green is provided by the 
Energy Web Foundation CCA Protocol. Tokens will be minted and mined on the global Mpowa HPC network with our first site likely being in RSA or Cyprus. 
  The ESG Fund is where all fiat contributions are held - whether from investors in the overall company fund, or project specific treasuries. 
This fund is controlled by our partner, Scaling Funds, with full FATCA and CRS compliance.




Vision
 Mpowa and its associates envision a future on earth where sufficient resources and ultimately abundance is realized and accessible for all. 
With sufficient resources, we refer to basic components for human life (not to be considered as luxuries) such as clean drinking water, 
sustainably farmed organic food, medical supplies, education, shelter and zero-emission energy / clean mobility. 
Clean water is a key-component for maintaining overall public health, whether it is used for drinking, domestic use, 
food production or recreational purposes. Improved clean-water supply and sanitation, and better management of water resources, 
can boost countries’ economic growth and can contribute greatly to poverty reduction, hence the focus on distributing water purification devices 
during the pilot projects.
The future of power generation is 100% sustainable and maintenance free.
 We believe everybody should have access to an abundant source of clean, carbon-neutral energy. 
Mpowa will contribute to the decentralization of power generation and return the power back to the people. 
Mpowa will create the first self-powering, carbon-neutral blockchain- based energy grid, based upon a global network of autonomous 
self-powering generator devices.
The overall vision of Mpowa is a world of connected fully autonomous devices of various type which produce and consume their own energy,
 in some cases selling the surplus back to the grid (where local regulations and infrastructure permit), 
all registered with Energy Web Chain for unique identification of the device, whilst metered and paid for in Mpowa cryptocurrency tokens.
Having achieved global mass adoption of our device and blockchain infrastructure, by definition, 
our utility token will in effect become a global digital “fully fungible energy based unit of account” currency (stablecoin) that can potentially be used as the international medium of exchange between national currencies – because energy consumption is the absolute holy grail indicator of economic activity and hence pure gold dust as far as economists and central bankers trying to define monetary and credit policy for their economies goes. This aligns well to the emerging trend of increased use of blockchain and AI within the financial sector for purposes of oversight and automation of the financial system and national currencies.  Sustainability is defined as the process of mankind's action to avoid the depletion of natural resources, to maintain the ecological balance and not to allow the quality of life to decline in today's modern society. A measure that does slightly less damage to the natural world, in the belief that ecosystems not only ensure that they continue to function and create the conditions that allow quality of life in modern society not to decline, but also to claim to be sustainable. Given the environmental and social problems faced by societies around the world, sustainability can be exploited in a specific way.  	Sustainability encourages people, politicians and businesses to make long-term decisions and take future generations into account. It encourages companies to make decisions about environmental, social and human impacts in the long term, rather than short-term profits. Sustainable development is the process of social progress that takes into account the needs of current and future generations by integrating economic, social and environmental considerations into decision-making. 	Companies that achieve corporate sustainability must reduce their emissions, reduce their energy consumption, source products from fair trade organizations, and ensure that their physical waste is disposed of with the lowest possible carbon footprint. Companies can make a public commitment to sustainability through measures such as waste reduction, investments in renewable energies and support organizations that offset carbon emissions. Even when big brands are committed to sustainability, it can take a long time to achieve sustainability goals, hence the creation of the carbon offset market to reach net-zero prior to demanding instant technological replacements to stop emissions. 















Mission
 Our long-term mission is to catalyze the mass adoption of new forms of clean sustainable energy and utilize the benefits of these technologies in best interest of the end-user. This is achieved by supporting the development and commercialization of disruptive new clean energy technologies. Ensuring that this technology won’t be corrupted by corporate monopolies or political agendas, Mpowa’s energy-generation devices connect to a decentralized autonomous platform, with its own currency.  	Mpowa is creating a platform for the world to combat energy scarcity and where every individual has the opportunity to choose energy sources that have no hidden side effects, in full respect of Health and Environment. By reducing or eliminating economic disparities caused by the lack of access to affordable clean energy, paired with decentralized technology to ensure social and environmental resilience. Mpowa is creating the foundation for an honest and equitable society. 	`The main objective of the pilot-project is to provide safe and sustainably available clean water, at locations where water-born diseases are a root cause for infant-mortality, e.g. rural areas of Africa. 	The goal is to also directly tackle fundamental socio-economic problems of energy scarcity, environmental destruction, financial exclusion, and help to mitigate/displace current CO2 intensive energy production technologies like coal and other fossil fuels. 
Besides tackling problems through solutions and partnerships presented by the Mpowa platform, it’s the companies’ mission to spark global creativity and submit/suggest new projects for a better future on earth, through rewarding community engagement.  

Long term: 
... 


Values
 Mpowa aims to create genuine relationships with its customers by giving them the opportunity to really change human-lives for the better.  
The Mpowa Team, being at its core humanitarian libertarians, fundamentally believes in the principles espoused in the US Declaration of Independence 
– that all humanity should have the right to Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness. For far too long these inherent rights are abridged, 
curtailed and threatened by the state and out of control economic and political actors.  	To supplement these fundamental rights, 
FDR famously spoke of the 4 freedoms: Freedom of association, Freedom of conscience, Freedom from fear and, last but not least, Freedom from want. 
It is in the last of these - in the field of energy systems - that we aim to make a fundamental shift in world socio-economic affairs from the present
 system of manufactured for-profit scarcity for the advantage of corporations to a system of autonomous energy abundance for the liberation of humanity.
 In doing so, we aim to tackle fundamental socio-economic problems of energy scarcity, environmental destruction, and help to mitigate/displace 
current CO2 intensive energy production technologies like coal power.   Sovereignty   The idea of sovereignty is closely related to the idea of freedom. 
The sovereign is the only one who is free. He may be a king or queen, but he is also the only one who can make decisions without consulting anyone else.
 	The idea of sovereignty is one that has been debated for centuries. It is a complicated concept, and many people have different views on 
what it means to be sovereign. The meaning of sovereignty changes depending on the context in which it is used. Sovereignty can be used as a 
synonym for independence or autonomy, but it can also refer to the legal right of a state to govern itself without outside interference. 
	For this purpose, sovereignty is defined as the ability to choose  



Equality

The world is changing and as such, we need to change the way we think about equality. We should not be focused on equality for the sake of equality,
 but instead focus on abundance and respect. 	Leaders cannot keep asking for more and more without giving anything in return. 
Mpowa is here to create a balance between what we give and what we get.

Abundance

Fullness manifests itself in many other ways, and not only as an abundance of money and an abundance of goods. 
Those with an abundance mindset believe that there is an abundance of everything in the world, from resources, love, 
relationships, wealth, and opportunity. Those with an abundance mindset are often visionaries and see limitless possibilities in the world.   
	Those with an abundance mindset are known for thinking big, it's part of their DNA. 
Because of the positive attitude of people with rich mindsets, they take an active approach to life. 
A person with an abundance mindset understands that change is an integral part of life, accepts and accepts change.   
	As in science, progress in life is much easier when you are willing to let go of past beliefs and embrace change. 
Thinking broadly also requires us to let go of past beliefs and assumptions and be open to new facts and ideas. 
Enriched thinking is based on the desire to change our thinking patterns and make room for new ones.    
	If you want to make significant changes in your life, you need to be honest about your way of thinking. 
Think about how the practice affects your future life and dreams.  
It is also contagious and generative, creating a thriving environment and community around us. Abundance manifests itself as many trees, plants, 
animals and various life forms, as well as an infinite number of stars and universes. It is the innate tendency of nature and life to manifest, 
grow and become larger.  
	Abundance is the tendency of life force to produce more and create more out of everything. 
Abundance is a clear concoction that can help you attract wealth and health into your life. 
Abundance nourishes our self-esteem and self-confidence, and helps us remain resilient in times of trouble.
	It is associated with positive thinking and generosity, with a core belief that there is enough for everyone. 
There is abundance in the Universe, and everyone is a part of it, wherever they live, and regardless of his position and circumstances. 
The world will soon have the opportunity to meet and exceed the basic needs of every man, woman and child on the planet. 
  Progress  Whether progress is seen in terms of big or small improvements, it matters a lot. However, while we continue to move towards the final goal, 
much remains to be done. For example: to make the internet accessible to everyone, many more systemic changes are needed, but progress is being made. 
	Progress is movement towards a purified, improved, or otherwise desired state. Recently, the concept of progress has been generalized to 
psychology, since it is associated with the concept of a goal, that is, progress is understood as “what is considered a means of moving towards 
the final result of a given specific goal.” Some 20th-century authors refer to The Myth of Progress, referring to the idea that 
human conditions will inevitably improve. 	
In the 20th century, romantic critics charged that progress did not automatically improve people's conditions and might somehow make them worse. 
Rogers was one of several reformers in the late 19th century who saw that America's ability to make progress could be greatly improved. 
He envisioned progress as the process of human development through the search for philosophical truths and the introduction of an era 
of material prosperity through technological progress. Marxists are vehemently opposed to capitalism, liberals are staunchly supporters of it, 
but the only concept they can agree on is progress, which asserts that people have the ability to create, improve, and change their societies 
through knowledge, science, technology, and practical experimentation. 	By "progress" we mean the combination of economic, technological, 
scientific, cultural and organizational progress that has changed our lives and raised our standard of living over the past two centuries. 
The process of progress and how things move in a positive direction of improvement is called progress. 
In particular, advancement to a higher or more developed state; development, growth. From Middle English progressie, 
from Old French progres ("to go forward"), from Latin progressus (“to move forward"), from the root participle progress 
("to go forward, to advance, to develop"), from pro- (``forward, before' ‘) + degrees (``go, go'') root participle progredi 
(``go ahead, advance, develop''), from pro- (``forward, before di'') + degrees ("walk, go" ).   Opportunity
Referring back to abundance, opportunity is created by making clear calculations of available resources and making the most of it. 	
Families in rural areas of Africa will hopefully remark that it's a great job and an opportunity to work alongside some people in the country who are 
‘’better off’’. Mpowa strongly believes in strengthening equality of opportunity all around the world, and thus being a catalyst for major development. 
	Focusing on what matters most can really make a difference in what kids learn. Accounting for the cost of opportunity costs can help individuals and organizations make better decisions. 	The purpose of calculating economic profit (and therefore opportunity cost) is to help improve business decision making by including opportunity cost, to get a clear vision of what the future may bring. To further improve business decision making, several measures of economic profit performance have been derived, such as risk-adjusted return on capital (RAROC) and economic value added (EVA), which directly include the quantification of opportunity costs to help companies manage risk and allocate resources. Accounting profits are the real costs (in real monetary terms) of businesses that are included in their balance sheets, financial statements, and income statements, and should be included as implicit costs accounted for by opportunity costs. 	When making major decisions, such as buying a home or starting a business, you are likely to carefully consider the pros and cons of your financial decision, but most day-to-day decisions are not made with a full understanding of the potential cost of the opportunity. After Coleman's 1966 Equality of Educational Opportunity report, another debate arose about whether money affects educational outcomes. The common notion of educational inequality, that it is mainly for students who come to school with insufficient skills to benefit from what the school has to offer, is still widely held because the degree of inequality in learning opportunities largely unknown. This makes it even more important that everyone around the world has internet access - to learn everything you want at your own pace.  
 Collaboration
Platform = constant collaborations   Research shows that collaboration can improve results and productivity. 
In short, collaboration makes things easier, which helps us get more done in less time. At the end of the day, 
collaboration is a skill that helps people work together, come up with new ideas, listen to each other, and learn from each other. 	
Collaboration skills enable you to successfully work with others to achieve common goals. Most work environments require collaboration, 
so collaboration skills are critical. There are various collaboration skills and communication strategies that, if developed, 
can help improve the overall effectiveness of a team. The United Nations has developed a refined framework for everyone globally to collectively 
contribute and collaborate towards reaching massive goals. Mpowa brings people together to collect ideas, funding and other resources in order to 
increase impact at a faster pace.  	Collaboration with this UN-created community is about learning from each other and sharing knowledge amongst 
teams, not about completing tasks or reaching goals with one group. Effective collaboration is essentially. the exchange of ideas, tasks, 
or skills for the purpose of developing processes, brainstorming, or completing projects.   Nature
Understanding how the natural world is presented, valued, and planned as a boon to human well-being is a disturbing challenge to my research. 
Nature-Based Solutions (NbS) involves working with nature to solve social problems, benefiting both human well-being and biodiversity. 	
Researchers are increasingly focusing on what they see as weaknesses in traditional reasoning about naturalness. In a recent study by Kevin, a lot of attention was paid to the benefits that people receive from nature, including those related to their health and well-being. A new report examines the impact of climate change on people and nature, and our ability to adapt to it. Environmental sociologist interested in the social and cultural aspects of natural resource management have been particularly involved in the development of an ecosystem approach to natural resource management, which seek to influence and shape from the social sciences and a key starting point. 	The British Ecological Society launched the People and Nature Project in recognition of the rapid growth of interdisciplinary and trans-disciplinary research on the relationship between man and nature, and that many of them touch on vital issues. 	People and Nature is a large-scale quarterly open access journal publication that explores the relationship between people and nature across all fields of research. 	Reported as part of the IPCC's Sixth Climate Science Assessment, humanity can adapt to a warming climate more easily than the natural world. The Persian Gulf will be the first to warm, but "it will become a problem in many parts of the world, including the United States," says Michael Oppenheimer. 	Regardless of the scenario, 1 billion people will be exposed to chronic flooding due to rising sea levels. Food insecurity will worsen as malnutrition rises in the global south. For example, ONeill notes, the number of people pushed into poverty in 15 years due to climate change could range from 10 million to 100 million, depending on their vulnerability and the vulnerability of their land. 

Authenticity
The word "authenticity" means the state in which something is authentic, legal, and true. Simply put, authenticity means being true to your personality, your values, and your spirit, no matter how much you are forced to act differently. Today, when people use the term "authenticity" they usually mean that they are honest and open. Their starting point is their perception that the term "authenticity" refers to what is the real, genuine or true term "authenticity". 	First, they argue that in order to understand the meaning of authenticity it is necessary to know who or what is the reference point for assessing authenticity, which can be either inside (i.e. the entity itself) or outside the entity (i.e. social category). judge. 	 In the descriptive use of authenticity, inauthenticity is simply the standard state of everyday life in which our personal relationships are mediated by others. Intellectual descriptions of abstract concepts that constitute authenticity often indicate descriptive limitations of language; in order to describe the negative space surrounding unreal states, unreal life examples illustrate states of real personality. When used in the latter sense, authenticity describes a person acting in accordance with desires, motives, ideals, or beliefs that not only belong to him (and not to others), but also expresses who he really is. 	Authenticity is more than making someone believe what they say or act in a way that is consistent with their beliefs. However, authenticity is likely to always mean different things to different people. True authenticity doesn't require you to share your values ​​with anyone because everyone can see your values ​​in the way you live. When you live with sincerity, you don’t have to worry about what you said (or didn't say), how you acted, or whether you did the right thing. 
“Be authentic with Mpowa.” 






  Privacy
If you would like to learn more about how Mpowa users use services like Mpowa to process your personal data in payment transactions, 
please contact Mpowa users directly or review the Mpowa User Privacy Policy. Mpowa is responsible for respecting its users’ privacy rights, 
including appropriate disclosures regarding the collection and use of data related to Mpowa user services. Mpowa is not responsible for the 
processing of data by other controllers, including our customers, and you should contact them directly to inquire about how they handle your 
personal information and exercise your privacy rights in relation to such processing, if you suspect them to do so.  	
Through the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and other applicable laws and regulations, individuals may have data subject rights 
that allow them to request access, delete, correct, remove or restrict use, or obtain copies its personal information held by Mpowa or for which 
Mpowa is otherwise responsible. The Privacy Policy informs customers about the collection, use, and sharing of personal information in connection 
with Mpowa provision of the Policy tools. 	Other controllers have the duties of other controllers in accordance with applicable privacy laws. 
Confidentiality depends on the rules for disseminating information and whether it is appropriate. Privacy uses the theory of natural 
rights and usually responds to new information and communication technologies. Invasion of privacy, a subset of the expectation of privacy, 
is a concept distinct from the collection, aggregation, and dissemination of information, in that collection is the misuse of existing data, 
while intrusion is an infringement on people's right to keep personal secrets. 	To help protect the privacy and security of your information, 
you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity and/or ownership before Mpowa exercises your data rights. 
This is information that you provide to Mpowa that identifies you personally, such as your name, email address, or billing information, 
or other data that Mpowa may reasonably associate with this information, such as information that we associate with an Mpowa account. 
This account information is used to authenticate you when you sign in to Mpowa services and to protect your account from unauthorized access by others.
  Because circumstances may vary depending on the context and services, the information provided in the Privacy Policy or provided in a 
specific disclosure may contain more detailed information about the applicable storage conditions.











Problems and solutions

Vulnerable communities in developing nations have limited to no incentive to maintain their local ecosystem and preserve the natural environment. 
Due to extreme poverty and exclusion, pollution, environmental degradation and carbon intensive activities (wood, charcoal, kerosene burning), 
these communities  are unhealthy and dangerous places for children to grow up, with high infant mortality rates and incidence of preventable disease. 
	GHG emissions contribute to the overall carbon intensity of the South African economy, being 9th in the world overall and highest within 
the G20 group of nations in segment “Destruction of the local ecosystem” which leads to a negative spiral of neglect and despondency, 
species/wildlife depletion and unsanitary living conditions. 	Another example, when inspecting research data, is that only 7% of the population
 in Uganda has a had a sustainable form of clean water available for them. There’s a significant need for support in several African countries, 
hence our pilot projects will likely take place that region of the world. 
	Mpowa recognizes that poverty eradication, changing unsustainable and promoting sustainable patterns of consumption and production 
and protecting and managing the natural resource base of economic and social development are the overarching objectives of and essential 
requirements for sustainable development. We also reaffirm the need to achieve sustainable development by promoting sustained, 
inclusive and equitable economic growth, creating greater opportunities for all, reducing inequalities, raising basic standards of living, 
fostering equitable social development and inclusion, and promoting the integrated and sustainable management of natural resources and ecosystems 
that supports, inter alia, economic, social and human development while facilitating ecosystem conservation, regeneration and restoration 
and resilience in the face of new and emerging challenges. 	Mpowa reaffirms the importance of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights,
1 as well as other international instruments relating to human rights and international law. Mpowa emphasizes the responsibilities to respect, 
protect and promote human rights and fundamental freedoms for all, without distinction of any kind as to race, color, sex, language, religion, 
political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth, disability or other status.	
Through working together with local “Heroes” and NGO’s, Mpowa has the capacity to scale its area of contribution to a large extend. 
It is prospected that several rural areas in Africa, in different countries, will start to receive support from Q3 2022 onwards. 	
By keeping the data and measurements conform to the Data Structure Definition (as defined by the UN), 
Mpowa allows its projects to be officially regarded as legitimate and impactful, to ensure contributors that their contribution will result i
nto legally verifiable impact. Mpowa’s approach of reporting and will be acquired once the technology has been funded for deployment, 
to enable Mpowa to credibly present themselves to these organizations.   A specific set of SDG indicators is selected by Mpowa, 
in terms of relevancy based on impact from projects that are currently on its agenda. Indicators are selected by applicability on and for 
the projects that are currently managed by the platform and for prioritized future projects. Project impact is driven to certain indicators and 
impact is noted and confirmed by official mathematical models.    Listed below are 17 problems, derived from statistical observations, 
by studying the United Nations Sustainability Development Goals and the issues that are addressed in the 2030 Agenda. 
NFT’s will contain the necessary metadata according to the UN DSD’s for the impact to be processed and included into reports. 





Problem 1: 
Poverty in all its forms.  The international poverty line is a threshold used to measure extreme poverty based on consumption or income levels. 
A person is considered extremely poor if his or her consumption or income level falls below the minimum level necessary to meet basic needs. 
 International poverty line is the absolute global minimum is per 2022 $3,20 (in PPP).   The indicator is produced globally using micro-level data 
on household income or consumption expenditures from nationally representative household surveys, which is reported to the World Bank’s development 
research group and/or the ILO (for working poverty). Only nationally representative surveys that contain sufficient information to produce a 
comprehensive consumption or income aggregate (including consumption or income from own production) and allow for the construction of a correctly 
weighted distribution of per capita consumption or income are used.  	
Examples of surveys include household income and expenditure surveys (HIES), living standards measurement surveys (LSMS) with employment modules, 
or labour force surveys (LFS) that collect information on household income. Such surveys also offer the benefit of allowing the employment status 
and income (or consumption expenditure) variables to be derived from the same sampled households ideally for the same long observation period.  
Poverty is basically result of resource scarcity.  National definitions of poverty vary amongst the globe.


Solution:  Social protection systems, appropriately nationally implemented for all. 
Equal rights to economic resources and access to basic services, ownership and control over land and other forms 


Relevant indicators for Mpowa:

Indicator 1.1.1: Proportion of the population living below the international poverty line by sex, age, employment status and geographic location (urban/rural).  Indicator 1.2.1: Proportion of population living below the national poverty line, by sex and age.  Indicator 1.2.2: Proportion of men, women and children of all ages living in poverty in all its dimensions according to national definitions.  Indicator 1.4.1: Proportion of population living in households with access to basic services.  Indicator 1.4.2: Proportion of total adult population with secure tenure rights to land, (a) with legally recognized documentation, and (b) who perceive their rights to land as secure, by sex and type of tenure.








Mpowa’s Contribution: 
Local heroes can apply and submit to new projects in the area of their preference and get rewarded once a completed task has been verified by the DAO, funding can be raised prior to completion in order to create a strong incentive for the heroes to finalize the project and find additional people in the area to apply for the job that he/she has created. 
In the chapter “The Technology” you will read about the implementation of goal indicators into smart-contracts for blockchain verification. 





Problem 2: Hunger, food insecurity. Undernourishment.  
The prevalence of undernourishment (PoU) is the proportion of the population whose habitual food consumption is insufficient to provide the 
dietary energy levels that are required to maintain a normal active and healthy life. It is expressed as a percentage.  	
Undernourishment is defined as chronic hunger, a condition where a person has inadequate access to food amounts necessary to provide the 
energy required for conducting a normal, health and active life, given their individual dietary energy requirements over a period of at least one year. 
The concept encompasses three aspects: availability of food, inequality in access to that food, and minimum dietary energy requirements 
compatible with long term good health.   Undernourishment is prevalent globally, hence the pressing need for water/energy/agriculture solutions to be 
deployed within a short time frame in order to combat malnutrition and the health/learning problems that arise from the issue.    

Solution:   End hunger and ensure access by all people to safe, nutritious and sufficient food all year round. 
By 2030, end hunger and ensure access by all people, in particular the poor and people in vulnerable situations, 
including infants, to safe, nutritious and sufficient food all year round  

Relevant indicators for Mpowa:   

Indicator 2.1.1: Prevalence of undernourishment.  
Indicator 2.3.2: Average income of small-scale food producers, by sex and indigenous status.  
Indicator 2.4.1: Proportion of agricultural area under productive and sustainable agriculture.

 Mpowa’s Contribution:
 
Regenerative Agriculture


Food for Africa program 



Infrastructure + token-supermarkets


Job Generation  Heroes missions defined: … Financial rewards for people in rural areas, such as cleaning, 
tree planting and doing research and for creating jobs by observation - to be validated by the DAO. 





Problem 3: Preventable death and illness.
This indicator monitors deaths related to pregnancy and childbirth. It reflects the capacity of health systems to provide effective health care in preventing and addressing the complications occurring during pregnancy and childbirth. 	Indicator values range from less than 10 in most developed countries, with an average of around 169 per 100,000 live births in the developing regions.  	Primarily due to lack of clean water and sanitation.  The under-five mortality rate (U5MR) is the probability (expressed as a rate per 1,000 live births) of a child born in a specified year or period dying before reaching the age of five if subject to current age-specific mortality rates.  	Mortality rates among young children are a key output indicator for child health and well-being, and, more broadly, for social and economic development. It is a closely watched public health indicator because it reflects the access of children and communities to basic health interventions such as sanitation, education, medical treatment of infectious diseases and adequate nutrition, natural supplementation and emergency-care (hospitals). 
By 2030, all countries are expected to reduce under-5 mortality to at least as low as 25 per 1,000 live births.  	The neonatal mortality rate (NMR) is the probability that a child born in a specific year or period will die during the first 28 completed days of life if subject to current age-specific mortality rates, expressed per 1000 live births.  	Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) is a virus that weakens the immune system, ultimately leading to Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS). HIV destroys the body’s ability to fight off infection and disease, which can ultimately lead to death. Without treatment, median survival from the time of infection is about 10.5 years for males and 11.5 years for females. Access to treatment improves the health of the individual, increases survival to near normal life expectancies, and greatly reduces the chance of onward transmission. Treatment coverage has increased rapidly since the early 2000s but still varies by region. No vaccine is currently available.  	By 2030, end the epidemics of AIDS, tuberculosis, malaria and neglected tropical diseases and combat hepatitis, water-borne diseases and other communicable diseases.    Neglected tropical diseases (NTDs) are a diverse group of communicable diseases that prevail in tropical and subtropical conditions in more than 100 countries. They include the following diseases: Buruli ulcer, Chagas disease, dengue, dracunculiasis (guinea-worm disease), echinococcosis, foodborne trematodiases, human African trypanosomiasis (sleeping sickness), leishmaniases, leprosy, lymphatic filariasis, mycetoma, onchocerciasis (river blindness), rabies, schistosomiasis, soil-transmitted helminthiases, taeniasis and neurocysticercosis, trachoma, and yaws. An up-to-date list is available at http://www.who.int/neglected_diseases/diseases/en/. 
 Other key interventions against NTDs (e.g. vector management, veterinary public health, water, sanitation and hygiene) are to be addressed in the context of other targets and indicators, namely Universal Health Coverage (UHC) and universal access to water and sanitation.  	There are many more diseases that occur on this planet and negatively affect human beings, that find ground in bodies when the immune system of the person is compromised.  	Besides that, there are still people who lose their lives by committing suicide, because of severely low levels of well being and lack of psychological guidance. This has to be countered and is a main mission of the Heroes Academy. 
Ambient air pollution refers to outdoor pollution resulting from emissions from industrial activity, households, cars and trucks, etc. Household air pollution refers to indoor pollution resulting from the use of polluting cooking fuels such as kerosene, wood, coal animal dung, charcoal and crop wastes. Ambient and household are often treated separately, although they are strongly interlinked since household air pollution is a large –often underestimated – source of ambient air pollution. They have been dealt with separately by both scientist and policy makers for historical and practical reasons. Household air pollution also include the use of polluting fuels for lighting and heating purposes. 
Rationale and Interpretation: 
The target aims to reduce the number of deaths from hazardous air pollution. This indicator tracks mortality rates attributed to ambient and household air pollution, as air pollution is the biggest environmental risk to health. 
Vital registration systems are the preferred source of data on under-five mortality because they collect information prospectively and cover the entire population. However, many low and lower middle income countries lack fully functioning vital registration systems that accurately record all births and deaths. Thus, household surveys, such as Demographic and Health Surveys (DHS) and Multiple Indicator Cluster Surveys (MICS), and periodic population censuses have become the primary source of data on child mortality in low and lower middle income countries. 
National Statistical Office or the Ministry of Health are mostly involved in generating under-five mortality data at the national level. 
Deaths attributable to unsafe water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) are counted using the WASH attributable fractions of diarrhea (ICD-10 code A00, A01, A03, A04, A06-A09), intestinal nematode infections (ICD-10 code B76- B77, B79) and protein-energy malnutrition (ICD-10 code E40-E46). 
The number of deaths from unsafe water, sanitation and hygiene can be prevented by improving those services and practices. Therefore, measuring the number of deaths that can be attributed to unsafe WASH supports progress towards such prevention. 
Most recent disease-specific national mortality figures can be downloaded from the website of the WHO Global Health Observatory’s (GHO) website: http://www.who.int/healthinfo/global_burden_disease/estimates/en/ 
There’s a significant percentage of people dying from unintentional poisoning, hence the need for more environmental measurements that are all logged on the blockchain, in order to avoid further casualties in this area.

Solution  Clean water, sanitation supplies, supplies for allowing safe child birth, increasing access to quality nutrition for all human beings. 

Relevant indicators for Mpowa:

TBC


Mpowa’s Contribution:   Clean water, food, energy.
SOLVATTEN, ECOLOO, ETC 



Problem 4: Educational deficits 

Minimum proficiency level corresponds to the minimum set of skills or knowledge required for a given subject such as reading or mathematics. Learning assessments are designed to measure a range of skill levels which are defined during the design of the assessment. As the assessment design can vary between national assessments and across international assessments ideally these benchmarks should to be aligned. Minimum proficiency levels for existing cross-national learning assessments have been provisionally adopted by the international community for interim reporting but in order to increase country coverage there is a need to achieve comparability across national and international assessments. 

Solution:  Goal 4. Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all
 
Relevant indicators for Mpowa:   Indicator 4.1.1: Proportion of children and young people (a) in Grades 2 /3; (b) at the end of primary; and (c) at the end of lower secondary achieving at least a minimum proficiency level in (i) reading and (ii) mathematics, by sex.  Indicator 4.3.1: Participation rate of youth and adults in formal and non-formal education and training in the previous 12 months, by sex.  Indicator 4.4.1: Proportion of youth and adults with information and communications technology (ICT) skills, by type of skill.  Indicator 4.5.1: Parity indices (female/male, rural/urban, bottom/top wealth quintile and others such as disability status, indigenous peoples and conflict-affected, as data become available) for all education indicators on this list that can be disaggregated.  Indicator 4.6.1: Proportion of population in a given age group achieving at least a fixed level of proficiency in functional (a) literacy and (b) numeracy skills, by sex. 


Mpowa’s Contribution:   Mpowa EDU platform, through participation in the Decarbonizer app, educational material can be accessed by the users. Variety of topics: science, mathematics, languages, etc.   Heroes Academy: 
Enable equal access for all women and men to affordable and quality technical, vocational and tertiary education, including university. Facilitating that all girls and boys have access to quality early childhood development, care and pre‑primary education so that they are ready for primary education  Substantially increase the supply of qualified teachers, including through international cooperation for teacher training in developing countries, especially least developed countries and small island developing States. 
Online courses from the Mpowa EDU platform, video-call classes, etc. 
Online Coaching and assessment.
Distribution of computers with internet + library access, Udemy deals etc. 



Problem 5: Inequality 

Equality and non-discrimination on the basis of sex are core principles under the international legal and policy framework, including the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW), which has 189 States parties, and the Beijing Platform for Action. This framework sets out the commitments of States to eliminate discrimination against women and promote gender equality, including in the area of legal frameworks. 

Solution:  Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls  

Relevant indicators for Mpowa:
Indicator 5.1.1: Whether or not legal frameworks are in place to promote, enforce and monitor equality and non-discrimination on the basis of sex.


Mpowa’s Contribution:
End all forms of discrimination against all women and girls everywhere, through AI and CCTV collaboration.

Problem 6: Water pollution and scarcity.

This indicator is defined as the proportion of population using an improved drinking water source which is accessible on premises, available when needed and free from fecal and priority chemical contamination.  	Improved drinking water sources include piped water into dwelling, yard or plot (on premises); public taps or standpipes; boreholes or tube-wells; protected dug wells; protected springs; packaged water; delivered water and rainwater.  	A water source is considered to be accessible on premises if the point of collection is within the dwelling, yard, or plot. Available when needed implies that households are able to access sufficient quantities of water when needed. 	Free from fecal or chemical contamination refers to the compliance to relevant national and local standards. In cases where such standards do not exist, reference is made to the WHO Guidelines for Drinking Water Quality.  	This indicator adds additional normative dimensions of accessibility, availability and quality, interpreted as safely managed drinking water services, to the existing MDG metric that tracked use of ‘improved drinking water sources’. It is a proxy for measuring equitable access to safe and affordable drinking water. Improved drinking water sources are not necessarily safe, but are more likely to be protected from external contaminants than unimproved sources either by intervention or through their design and construction. Greater access to safely managed drinking water services is important as it contributes to lowering the incidence of many diseases throughout the world.  	Total freshwater withdrawal (TFWW) is the volume of freshwater extracted from its source (rivers, lakes, aquifers) for the following three main sectors: agriculture, industries and services (including municipalities and domestic water withdrawal). It is estimated at the country level and on an annual basis. The category of freshwater withdrawal includes withdrawals from surface freshwater, groundwater and fossil groundwater. It does not include direct use of non-conventional water, i.e. treated wastewater, agricultural drainage water and desalinated water. 





Solution:   Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all. 
In addition, line ministries and water utility companies usually keep records based on the number and type of water supplies constructed or the number of piped household connections maintained. Provider-based data do not include what facilities are actually used, thus, they are only used for countries that have no survey or census data on access to or use of drinking water sources. However, such administrative sources may have much more data on water quality, especially for piped water supplies, which can be gained through household surveys. 
The WHO/UNICEF Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply, Sanitation and Hygiene (JMP) estimates use of improved drinking water sources, as well as the extent to which such sources are located on premises, available when needed, and free from microbiological and chemical contamination, for each country. 


Relevant indicators for Mpowa:
Indicator 6.1.1: Proportion of population using safely managed drinking water services 
Indicator 6.4.2: Level of water stress: freshwater withdrawal as a proportion of available freshwater resources 

Mpowa’s Contribution:

Solvatten, other purifiers.. Funding, start - delivery. 
Achieve universal and equitable access to safe and affordable drinking water for all through distributing water purification devices.   - Achieve access to adequate and equitable sanitation and hygiene for all and end open defecation, paying special attention to the needs of women and girls and those in vulnerable situations  - Improve water quality by reducing pollution, eliminating dumping and minimizing release of hazardous chemicals and materials, halving the proportion of untreated wastewater and substantially increasing recycling and safe reuse globally.

- ECOLOO -





Problem 7: Energy deficits, high prices and from unsustainable sources

This indicator is defined as the number of people using clean fuels and technologies for domestic cooking, heating and lighting divided by total population reporting any cooking, heating or lighting. It is expressed as a percentage. 

The renewable energy share in total final consumption is the percentage of final consumption of energy that is derived from renewable resources. 
Concepts: 
Renewable energy consumption includes consumption of energy derived from: hydro, solid biofuels, wind, solar, liquid biofuels, biogas, geothermal, marine and waste. Total final energy consumption is calculated from national balances and statistics as total final consumption minus non-energy use. 
Comments with regard to specific renewable energy resources: 
Solar energy consumption includes solar PV and solar thermal Liquid biofuel energy consumption includes biogasoline, biodiesels and other liquid biofuels Solid biofuel consumption includes fuelwood, animal waste, vegetable waste, black liquor, bagasse and charcoal Waste energy covers energy from renewable municipal waste



Solution:   Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all




Relevant indicators for Mpowa: 

Indicator 7.1.2: Proportion of population with primary reliance on clean fuels and technology
Indicator 7.2.1: Renewable energy share in the total final energy consumption 


Mpowa’s Contribution: 

Long term vision. 



Problem 8: Economic collapse / stagnation  
This indicator is defined as the percentage change in the real GDP per capita between two consecutive years. 
Concepts: 
GDP is the measure of the monetary value of final goods and services which are produced in an economic territory/country in a given time period. It is calculated without making deductions for depreciation of produced assets or for depletion and degradation of natural resources. It can be measured either by: 
(1)  The expenditure method – the sum of expenditures on final consumption, gross capital formation and net exports; or  
(2)  The production method – the value of final outputs minus any intermediate consumption, plus the net taxes (taxes minus subsidies); or  
(3)  The income approach – the sum of compensation of employees, gross operating surplus, gross mixed incomes and the net taxes on both  
production and imports. 
Real GDP is GDP adjusted for price changes using the ratio of prices in the current year to the prices in a given base year. Real GDP per capita is real GDP dividing by the population of a country. 
The population of a country may comprise either all usual residents of the country or all persons present in the country at the time of a population census. 





Solution:   Target 8.1: Sustain per capita economic growth in accordance with national circumstances and, in particular, at least 7 per cent gross domestic product growth per annum in the least developed countries
 Goal 8: Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all 
Target 8.3: Promote development-oriented policies that support productive activities, decent job creation, entrepreneurship, creativity and innovation, and encourage the formalization and growth of micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprises, including through access to financial services
However, labour input more widely refers to all persons who contribute to the production of goods and services within the SNA production boundary, not only the employed. In fact, according to the new standards laid out in the 2013 Resolution concerning statistics of work, employment and labour underutilization, the labour input contributing to the GDP comprises not only employment (work done for use by others for pay or profit) but also own-use production of goods, unpaid trainee work and some forms of volunteer work as well. 

 Target 8.5: By 2030, achieve full and productive employment and decent work for all women and men, including for young people and persons with disabilities, and equal pay for work of equal value 
Target 8.8: Protect labour rights and promote safe and secure working environments for all workers, including migrant workers, in particular women migrants, and those in precarious employment. 
Indicator 8.a.1: Aid for Trade commitments and disbursements
 Target 8.a: Increase Aid for Trade support for developing countries, in particular least developed countries, including through the Enhanced.

Relevant indicators for Mpowa: 

 Indicator 8.1.1: Annual growth rate of real GDP per capita
Indicator 8.3.1: Proportion of informal employment in total employment, by sector and sex 

Indicator 8.5.1: Average hourly earnings of employees, by sex, age, occupation and persons with disabilities

Indicator 8.6.1: Proportion of youth (aged 15-24 years) not in education, employment or training 
Indicator 8.7.1: Proportion and number of children aged 5-17 years engaged in child labour, by sex and age 

Indicator 8.8.1: Fatal and non-fatal occupational injuries per 100,000 workers, by sex and migrant status
 
Mpowa’s Contribution:







Problem 9: Housing shortage, infrastructure problems 

Description!





Solution:
Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and foster innovation




Relevant indicators for Mpowa: 

Indicator 9.1.2: Passenger and freight volumes, by mode of transport
Indicator 9.4.1: CO emissions per unit of value added 2 
Indicator 9.5.1: Research and development expenditure as a proportion of GDP 
Indicator 9.5.2: Researchers (in full-time equivalent) per million inhabitants 
Indicator 9.a.1: Total official international support (official development assistance plus other official flows) to infrastructure
Indicator 9.c.1: Proportion of population covered by a mobile network, by technology


Mpowa’s Contribution:
Facilitate sustainable and resilient infrastructure development in developing countries through enhanced financial, technological and technical support to African countries, least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States
Significantly increase access to information and communications technology and strive to provide universal and affordable access to the Internet in least developed countries.
Develop quality, reliable, sustainable and resilient infrastructure, including regional and trans-border infrastructure, to support economic development and human well-being, with a focus on affordable and equitable access for all.
Upgrade infrastructure and retrofit industries to make them sustainable, with increased resource-use efficiency and greater adoption of clean and environmentally sound technologies and industrial processes, with all countries taking action in accordance with their respective capabilities
Enhance scientific research, upgrade the technological capabilities of industrial sectors in all countries, in particular developing countries, including, encouraging innovation and substantially increasing the number of research and development workers.










Problem 10: Country-based inequality

Description 

 

Solution:

Reduce inequality within and among countries

Relevant indicators for Mpowa: 

Indicator 10.6.1: Proportion of members and voting rights of developing countries in international organizations
Indicator 10.b.1: Total resource flows for development, by recipient and donor countries and type of flow (e.g., official development assistance, foreign direct investment and other flows)

Mpowa’s Contribution:

TOKENIZED PRECIOUS METALS
Ensure enhanced representation and voice for developing countries in decision-making in global international economic and financial institutions in order to deliver more effective, credible, accountable and legitimate institutions 
Encourage official development assistance and financial flows, including foreign direct investment, to States where the need is greatest, in particular least developed countries, African countries, small island developing States and landlocked developing countries, in accordance with their national plans and programs.





Problem 11: Unsafe and polluted cities

This indicator measures the number of people who died, went missing or were directly affected by disasters per 100,000 population. 
 Death: The number of people who died during the disaster, or directly after, as a direct result of the hazardous event. 
Missing: The number of people whose whereabouts is unknown since the hazardous event. It includes people who are presumed dead, for whom there is no physical evidence such as a body, and for which an official/legal report has been filed with competent authorities. 
Directly affected: The number of people who have suffered injury, illness or other health effects; who were evacuated, displaced, relocated or have suffered direct damage to their livelihoods, economic, physical, social, cultural and environmental assets. Indirectly affected are people who have suffered consequences, other than or in addition to direct effects, over time, due to disruption or changes in economy, critical infrastructure, basic services, commerce or work, or social, health and psychological consequence 

 
Solution:
Make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable.


Relevant indicators for Mpowa: 

Indicator 11.6.1: Proportion of municipal solid waste collected and managed in controlled facilities out of total municipal waste generated, by cities
Indicator 11.6.2: Annual mean levels of fine particulate matter (eg. PM 2.5 and PM 10) in cities (population weighted) 
Indicator 11.5.1: Number of deaths, missing persons and directly affected persons attributed to disasters per 100,000 population 


Mpowa’s Contribution:
Significantly reduce the number of deaths and the number of people affected and substantially decrease the direct economic losses relative to global gross domestic product caused by disasters, including water-related disasters, with a focus on protecting the poor and people in vulnerable situations. SAMOA - SENDAI. 
Reduce the adverse per capita environmental impact of cities, including by paying special attention to air quality and municipal and other waste management



Problem 12: Unsustainable consumption and production

DESCRIPTION 


Solution:

Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns 

Relevant indicators for Mpowa: 
Indicator 12.2.2: Domestic material consumption, domestic material consumption per capita, and domestic material consumption per GDP 
Indicator 12.4.1: Number of parties to international multilateral environmental agreements on hazardous waste, and other chemicals that meet their commitments and obligations in transmitting information as required by each relevant agreement


Mpowa’s Contribution:
Achieve the sustainable management and efficient use of natural resources
Achieve the environmentally sound management of chemicals and all wastes throughout their life cycle, in accordance with agreed international frameworks, and significantly reduce their release to air, water and soil in order to minimize their adverse impacts on human health and the environment.


Problem 13: Climate change

This indicator measures the number of countries that adopt and implement national disaster risk reduction (DRR) strategies in line with the Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction 2015-2030, with multiple dimensions of the level of implementation. 
Disaster risk reduction strategies: define goals and objectives across different timescales and with concrete targets, indicators and time frames. In line with the Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction 2015-2030, these should be aimed at preventing the creation of disaster risk, the reduction of existing risk and the strengthening of economic, social, health and environmental resilience. 

Solution:
The Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction 2015-2030 was adopted by UN Member States in March 2015 as a global policy of disaster risk reduction. Among the global targets, “Target A: Substantially reduce global disaster mortality by 2030, aiming to lower average per 100,000 global mortality between 2020-2030 compared with 2005-2015” and “Target B: Substantially reduce the number of affected people globally by 2030, aiming to lower the average global figure per 100,000 between 2020-2030 compared with 2005-2015” will contribute to sustainable development and strengthen economic, social, health and environmental resilience. The economic, environmental and social perspectives would include poverty eradication, urban resilience, and climate change adaptation. 
 Goal 13: Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impact



Relevant indicators for Mpowa:
Indicator 13.1.1: Number of deaths, missing persons and directly affected persons attributed to disasters per 100,000 population

Mpowa’s Contribution:
All projects, basically. Strengthen resilience and adaptive capacity to climate-related hazards and natural disasters in all countries

























Problem 14: Marine pollution
 “Marine pollution occurs when substances used or spread by humans, such as industrial, agricultural and residential waste, particles, noise, excess carbon dioxide or invasive organisms enter the ocean and cause harmful effects there. The majority of this waste (80%) comes from land-based activity, although marine transportation significantly contributes as well. Since most inputs come from land, either via the rivers, sewage or the atmosphere, it means that continental shelves are more vulnerable to pollution. Air pollution is also a contributing factor by carrying off iron, carbonic acid, nitrogen, silicon, sulfur, pesticides or dust particles into the ocean. The pollution often comes from nonpoint sources such as agricultural runoff, wind-blown debris, and dust. These non-point sources are largely due to runoff that enters the ocean through rivers, but wind-blown debris and dust can also play a role, as these pollutants can settle into waterways and oceans. Pathways of pollution include direct discharge, land runoff, ship pollution, atmospheric pollution and, potentially, deep sea mining."


Solution:
Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine resources for sustainable development.



Relevant indicators for Mpowa:

Indicator 14.4.1: Proportion of fish stocks within biologically sustainable levels
Indicator 14.5.1: Coverage of protected areas in relation to marine areas


Mpowa’s Contribution:

Blockchain integration for local fishing companies.   Effectively regulate harvesting and end overfishing, illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing and destructive fishing practices and implement science-based management plans, in order to restore fish stocks in the shortest time feasible, at least to levels that can produce maximum sustainable yield as determined by their biological characteristics. 

Conserve coastal and marine areas, consistent with national and international law and based on the best available scientific information.















Problem 15: Deforestation

The proportion of forest area of the total land area of many countries is decreasing. UN Statistics can be found online and are represented as a percentage of land-mass covered by trees. 
Concepts: 
Forest is defined as land spanning more than 0.5 hectares with trees higher than 5 meters and a canopy cover of more than 10 percent, or trees able to reach these thresholds in situ. It does not include land that is predominantly under agricultural or urban land use. Additional detailed criteria are listed in FAO’s Forest Resource Assessment (FRA) 2020 Terms and Definitions Document available at: http://www.fao.org/3/I8661EN /i8661en.pdf. 
Total land area refers to the total surface area of a country excluding the area covered by inland waters, such as major rivers and lakes. Total land area of the reference year 2015 is used. 
Rationale and Interpretation: 
The availability of accurate data on a country's forest area is a key element for forest policy and planning within the context of sustainable development. Forest area as a proportion of total land area can provide a rough proxy for the extent to which the forests in a country are being conserved or restored. 

Forest area data are typically collected through field inventories and/or remote sensing. Field inventories are based on statistical sampling or aggregation of data collected for management inventories. Remote sensing has often an important role in these efforts either as an auxiliary data source which can be used to improve the efficiency of the field inventories, or as an input allowing direct assessment of land cover and its changes. Comprehensive guidance on how to establish a national forest monitoring system can be found in http://www.fao.org/3/a-I6767e.pdf 
Forest resources assessments are typically carried out by national forest authorities as part of statistical data collection activities of Ministry of Forestry, Agriculture or Environment or their combination. 


The Red List Index is an index that measures changes in aggregate extinction risk across groups of species. It is based on the number of species in each category of extinction risk on The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species (IUCN 2015) is expressed as changes in an index ranging from 0 to 1. 
This is an indicator that is monitored at the global level. 
Concepts: 
Threatened species are those listed on The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species in the categories Vulnerable, Endangered, or Critically Endangered (i.e., species that are facing a high, very high, or extremely high risk of extinction in the wild in the medium-term future). 
Rationale and Interpretation: 
The world’s species are impacted by a number of threatening processes, including habitat destruction and degradation, overexploitation, invasive alien species, human disturbance, pollution and climate change. This indicator can be used to assess overall changes in the extinction risk of groups of species as a result of these threats and the extent to which threats are being mitigated. 

Definition: 
This indicator is defined as the number of countries that have adopted legislative, administrative and policy frameworks for the implementation of the Nagoya Protocol on Access to Genetic Resources and the Fair and Equitable Sharing of Benefits Arising from their Utilization to the Convention on Biological Diversity (2010). 
This indicator is an international indicator and not monitored at the national level. 
Concepts: 
The Nagoya Protocol, also referred to the Nagoya Protocol on Access and Benefit Sharing (ABS) is a 2010 supplementary agreement to the 1992 Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) that aims to implement the fair and equitable sharing of benefits arising out of the utilization of genetic resources, thereby contributing to the conservation and sustainable use of biodiversity. 

The data for this indicator comes from the ABS Clearing-House, which is maintained by the CBD secretariat. Countries provide the information on ABS legislative, administrative and policy frameworks to the ABS Clearing-House directly by filling a form containing information and details about their frameworks. 
In order to ensure the accuracy of the information published in the ABS Clearing-House, all ABS frameworks are submitted to the clearing house by designated publishing authorities (a single authority for each country) 


Solution: 
Protect, restore and promote sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat desertification, and halt and reverse land degradation and halt biodiversity loss


Relevant indicators for Mpowa:

Indicator 15.1.1: Forest area as a proportion of total land area
Indicator 15.2.1: Progress towards sustainable forest management
Indicator 15.5.1: Red List Index
Indicator 15.6.1: Number of countries that have adopted legislative, administrative and policy frameworks to ensure fair and equitable sharing of benefits




Mpowa’s Contribution:

Ensure the conservation, restoration and sustainable use of terrestrial and inland freshwater ecosystems and their services, in particular forests, wetlands, mountains and drylands, in line with obligations under international agreements 
Promote the implementation of sustainable management of all types of forests, halt deforestation, restore degraded forests and substantially increase afforestation and reforestation globally
Take urgent and significant action to reduce the degradation of natural habitats, halt the loss of biodiversity and protect and prevent the extinction of threatened species.
Promote fair and equitable sharing of the benefits arising from the utilization of genetic resources and promote appropriate access to such resources, as internationally agreed














Problem 16: Violence, abuse, exploitation. 

The use of violent (physical or verbal) disciplining techniques are a violation of children’s rights, and can result in immediate effects and long-term consequences that children carry well into adulthood. It is the most widespread and socially accepted type of violence against children. Data is collected through nationally representative household surveys that include a module on violence against children which are conducted by national statistical offices. Internationally coordinated household surveys such as the Multiple Indicator Cluster Survey (MICS) and the Demographic and Health Survey (DHS) also collect this data in low and middle-income countries. 

According to General Comment no. 13 on the Convention of the Rights of the Child (CRC), sexual violence against children comprises any sexual activities imposed by an adult on a child against which the child is entitled to protection by criminal law. This includes: 
(1) The inducement or coercion of a child to engage in any unlawful or psychologically harmful sexual activity; 
(2) The use of children in commercial sexual exploitation; 
(3) The use of children in audio or visual images of child sexual abuse; and 
(4) Child prostitution, sexual slavery, sexual exploitation in travel and tourism, trafficking for purposes of sexual exploitation (within and between countries), sale of children for sexual purposes and forced marriage. 
Sexual activities are also considered as abuse when committed against a child by another child if the offender is significantly older than the victim or uses power, threat or other means of pressure. Consensual sexual activities between children are not considered as sexual abuse if the children are older than the age limit defined by the State Party. 
‘Sexual violence’ is operationally defined in the indicator as sexual intercourse or any other sexual acts that were forced, physically or in any other way. 

Experiences of sexual violence in childhood hinder all aspects of development: physical, psychological/emotional and social. Apart from the physical injuries that can result, researchers have consistently found that the sexual abuse of children is associated with a wide array of mental health consequences and adverse behavioral outcomes in adulthood. The issue is universally relevant, and the indicator captures one of the gravest forms of violence against children. The right of children to protection from all forms of violence is outlined in the CRC and its Optional Protocols. 

A National Human Rights Institution (NHRI) is an independent administrative body set up by a country with a constitutional or legislative mandate to promote and protect human rights. They are a part of the national administration but operate independently from the government. The general role of NHRIs is to address discrimination in all its forms, as well as to promote the protection of civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights. Core functions of NHRIs include complaint handling, human rights education and making recommendations on law reform. An independent NHRI has ‘A level’ accreditation to the Paris Principles. 
Paris Principles were adopted by the UN General Assembly in Resolution 48/134 on 20th December 1993, and provide the international standards on the independent functioning of NHRI. These standards serve as the basis on which NHRIs are accredited by the Global Alliance of National Human Rights Institutions (GANHRI). For more information, see: http://www.ohchr.org/EN/ProfessionalInterest/Pages /StatusOfNationalInstitutions.aspx 
GANHRI is the international association of NHRIs which promotes and strengthens NHRIs to be in accordance with the Paris Principles and provides leadership in the promotion and protection of human rights (ICC Statute, Art. 5). 
Accreditation by GANHRI entails determination whether NHRI are compliant, both in law and in practice, with the Paris principles. The process is conducted by the Sub-Committee on Accreditation (SCA) of the GANHRI. 

Accreditation of NHRIs shows that the government has a strong commitment to realize human rights in the country. Effective NHRIs are an important link between government and civil society. They contribute significantly to bridging the “protection gap” between the human rights of individuals and the State’s obligations under international law. Six models of NHRIs exist across all regions of the world today, namely: human rights commissions, human rights ombudsperson institutions, hybrid institutions, consultative and advisory bodies, institutes and centers and multiple institutions. This indicator expresses whether any of these models exist in a country and is independently functioning to protect and promote human rights, including by preventing and redressing their violations.

Solution:
Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, provide access to justice for all and build effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels


Relevant indicators for Mpowa:

Indicator 16.a.1: Existence of independent national human rights institutions in compliance with the Paris Principles
Indicator 16.2.1: Proportion of children aged 1-17 years who experienced any physical punishment and/or psychological aggression by caregivers in the past month
Indicator 16.2.3: Proportion of young women and men aged 18-29 years who experienced sexual violence by age 18


Mpowa’s Contribution:

Strengthen relevant national institutions, including through international cooperation, for building capacity at all levels, in particular in developing countries, to prevent violence and combat terrorism and crime
End abuse, exploitation, trafficking and all forms of violence against and torture of children. 
End abuse, exploitation, trafficking and all forms of violence against and torture of children.







Problem 17: Absence or shortage of fruitful partnerships in order to reach and succeed the SDGs 

This indicator is defined as the number of fixed internet broadband connections/subscriptions of different speed tiers per 100 inhabitants of a country. The speed tiers considered are advertised downstream speeds of: 
(1)  256 Kilobits per second (Kbps) to 2Megabits per second (Mbps);  
(2)  2Mbps to 10 Mbps; and  
(3)  Greater than 10 Mbps.  

Fixed internet broadband refers to subscriptions to high-speed access to public internet at downstream speeds greater than 256Kbps. It includes cable modem, DSL, fiber-to-the-home, other fixed (wired) broadband, satellite broadband and terrestrial fixed wireless broadband. It does not include internet access through mobile-cellular networks, and includes both residential and organizational subscriptions. 
Advertised downstream speeds refers to the speed advertised by the Internet service providers at which data (including files, web sites, pictures, music, movies, etc) could be delivered to Internet subscribers. The advertised speed can differ from the actual speed of connection that a user may experience at the time of Internet use. 

The internet has become an increasingly important tool to provide access to information that can help foster and enhance regional and international cooperation and access, particularly in the contexts of science, technology, innovations, through knowledge sharing. Limits to broadband connections is a barrier to target 17.6, and therefore, the measurement of the number of broadband connections provides insight into the level of enabling environment for such cooperation. 




Solution:  
Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the Global Partnership for Sustainable Development 


Relevant indicators for Mpowa:

Indicator 17.2.1: Net official development assistance, total and to least developed countries, as a proportion of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Development Assistance Committee donors' gross national income (GNI) 
Indicator 17.6.1: Fixed internet broadband subscriptions per 100 inhabitants, by speed.
Indicator 17.8.1: Proportion of individuals using the internet. 

Mpowa’s Contribution:

Enhance international cooperation on and access to science, technology and innovation and enhance knowledge-sharing on mutually agreed terms, including through improved collaboration through technology.    - Mobilizing additional financial resources for developing countries from multiple sources.






The necessity for Mpowa’s existence
 Due to the global scale of the severe issues that the world is facing today, an all-encompassing platform to enable clean-tech innovation to step in and repair the damage that has been done, is necessary. Social-economic incentives, coordinated by DAO-imposed parameters is likely the most efficient strategy.
It's impossible to provide an exhaustive list of what you can do to protect the environment, but here's Mpowa. The platform makes it relatively simple to reduce your carbon footprint, collectively take ‘’green’’ action, and drive huge change with the click of a few buttons. Additionally, there are many things you can do every day to help reduce your greenhouse gas and carbon footprint, thereby reducing your harmful impact on the environment. While many policies must come from our local, state, federal and global leaders, there is also a lot you can do to make a difference. By working together, citizens, businesses and governments can achieve great things.
	These important climate conversations can happen naturally and randomly in your personal life, eventually triggered by Mpowa. By making a few small changes in your next conversation, mention that you can make a big impact on our planet without completely giving up convenience. 
	With a broader understanding of the (climate/energy/resource) crisis at hand, customers can take conscious and deliberate action to change our culture as a whole, because the earth’s climate depends on it.   Mpowa is at core a company founded to support the commercialization of renewable energy technologies, starting with our own proprietary Omni home energy management solution which integrates a number of innovative hardware and software solutions to offer a groundbreaking customer experience. The commercial opportunity arising from this technology alone has unicorn potential. 	The fundamental challenge however is, aside from the “it sounds too good to be true because it violates the laws of physics” argument, that such technologies disrupt heavily entrenched ecosystems and industries with significant political-economic clout + control of governments / markets in which we wish to operate. Therefore in order to “shock the market” with a technology this disruptive, we have to think big and be ready to go to market in a way which takes no prisoners as far as the existing market players are concerned. Entering the market with a traditional business model/corporate structure will be rightly perceived as a massive threat and no doubt will trigger various forms of resistance, interference, or outright suppression.



Unique Selling Point

Not only serving merely as a project enabler on its SaaS platform, Mpowa is actually concerned with the direct manifestation of projects by using a bottom-up approach. A complete range of disciplines and sectors are covered and included in the thought-process when Mpowa starts or receives a new project, in order to present something truly beneficial and feasible towards its investors. 			Mpowa has the infrastructure for collaborators to bring their projects up to a certain standard, to facilitate credible project-scaling. While Mpowa is doing things differently than most of its direct competitors, it is always designed for increased service towards the customer and the planet. Thus, writing about Mpowa’s Unique Selling Point forced the Management Team to think about exactly what value it brings to its customers and why they should start contributing to the platform and its related projects. 	An interesting and fairly unique feature is the implementation of an openly accessible product/service-demand submission form for people in need. Submissions will be verified for authenticity and correctness. If the submission comes from a person/entity in an area where Mpowa doesn’t have any projects planned, it can (depending on the severity of the situation) spark the company to start a project (in the area of the submission) or decide to serve the person individually. By demand and supply, NFT’s will be created and minted to serve the need and also contains a certificate for the purchaser that can be used to claim SDG Impact Tokens, Tokenized Carbon Credits and/or Governance Tokens. 	What really matters for contributors to the platform is that they each have a transparent overview of where they’ve sent their money, how it's being used and which impact their contribution has realized. Mpowa is selling impact, sustainability and health to those who care about planet earth and its inhabitants in an auditable and regulatory compliant way, with implementation of its project impact-data in UN SDG reporting. 


Marketing Strategy
Carbon offset SDG nature clean water platform technology opportunity.

Customer profile - The problems we solve for them


	  This project has been developed in order to contribute to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and it's doing so by providing clean water through Carbon Offset.

It is the first project that integrates carbon offset, water purification and natural eco-system restoration into a single mechanism for sustainable development.
The SDG Nature Clean Water Platform is a project that aims to provide clean water for the world. The platform is based on a new technology called Carbon Offset, which is an innovative way of solving the water crisis. 	A SaaS platform is a software that is designed to be accessed over the internet. It can be accessed by multiple users and has a subscription-based pricing model. The nature of a SaaS platform is that it's accessible from anywhere and it's scalable. This means that the more people who use the software, the more powerful it becomes for everyone who uses it.  The USP is the position of your small business as a whole, which can be incorporated into your products, your brand, the experiences you offer, and any other points of contact your customers have with your business. The USP should give you a good idea of ​​who the company's ideal client is. The USP for your business should be backed up by real customer experiences and competitor insights, not just telling the market what the market wants to hear. 

















//
